README.md, before:

# Dessertly

**Dessertly** is an iOS application that provides a delightful experience for discovering and learning about desserts. It features a comprehensive list of desserts and detailed information about each one, making it easy to explore a variety of sweet treats.

## Features

- Browse a list of desserts.
- View detailed information about each dessert, including ingredients and instructions.

## Screenshots

Click on the thumbnails to view the full-size images.

### Home Screen
[![Home Screen](Images/home-screen-thumbnail.png)](Images/home-screen.png)

### Home Screen Search
[![Home Screen Search](Images/home-screen-search-thumbnail.png)](Images/home-screen-search.png)

### Dessert Detail Instructions
[![Dessert Detail Instructions](Images/dessert-detail-instructions-thumbnail.png)](Images/dessert-detail-instructions.png)

### Dessert Detail Ingredients
[![Dessert Detail Ingredients](Images/dessert-detail-ingredients-thumbnail.png)](Images/dessert-detail-ingredients.png)

## Installation

To install and run Dessertly, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Dessertly.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd Dessertly
```

3. Open the project in Xcode:
```bash
open Dessertly.xcodeproj
```

4. Build and run the project using Xcode.

## Running Tests

To run the unit tests:

1. Open the project in Xcode.
2. Select the test target from the scheme menu.
3. Press `Cmd+U` to run all tests.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please submit a pull request or open an issue to discuss improvements or bugs.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Contact

For any inquiries or feedback, please contact [scott.gardner@mac.com](mailto:scott.gardner@mac.com?subject=Dessertly%20app).

Commit message:

Improve layout of DessertDetailView in iPhone landscape (compact vertical)

README.md, after:

# Dessertly

**Dessertly** is an iOS app that provides a delightful experience for discovering and learning about desserts. It features a comprehensive list of desserts and detailed information about each one, making it easy to explore a variety of sweet treats.

## Features

- Browse a list of desserts.
- View detailed information about each dessert, including ingredients and instructions.

## Screenshots

Click on the thumbnails to view the full-size images.

### Home Screen
[![Home Screen](Images/home-screen-thumbnail.png)](Images/home-screen.png)

### Home Screen Dark Mode
[![Home Screen](Images/home-screen-dark-thumbnail.png)](Images/home-screen-dark.png)

### Home Screen Search
[![Home Screen Search](Images/home-screen-search-thumbnail.png)](Images/home-screen-search.png)

### Dessert Detail Instructions
[![Dessert Detail Instructions](Images/dessert-detail-instructions-thumbnail.png)](Images/dessert-detail-instructions.png)

### Dessert Detail Landscape
[![Dessert Detail Instructions](Images/dessert-detail-landscape-thumbnail.png)](Images/dessert-detail-landscape.png)

### Dessert Detail Ingredients
[![Dessert Detail Ingredients](Images/dessert-detail-ingredients-thumbnail.png)](Images/dessert-detail-ingredients.png)

## Installation

To install and run Dessertly, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Dessertly.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd Dessertly
```

3. Open the project in Xcode:
```bash
open Dessertly.xcodeproj
```

4. Build and run the project using Xcode.

## Running Tests

To run the unit tests:

1. Open the project in Xcode.
2. Select the test target from the scheme menu.
3. Press `Cmd+U` to run all tests.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please submit a pull request or open an issue to discuss improvements or bugs.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Contact

For any inquiries or feedback, please contact [scott.gardner@mac.com](mailto:scott.gardner@mac.com?subject=Dessertly%20app).
